README.md, before:

# Today I Learned

> Never stop learning new things

A collection of concise write-ups on small things I learn day to day across a
variety of languages and technologies. These are things that don't really
warrant a full blog post.

_13 TILs and counting..._

---

### Categories

* [Android](README.md#Android)
* [Design Patterns](README.md#Design-Patterns)
* [FFMpeg](README.md#FFMpeg)
* [General](README.md#General)
* [Git](README.md#Git)
* [Sql](README.md#Sql)

---

### Android

- [Nested Recyclerview Performance](android/nested-recyclerview.md) :clock330:

### Design Patterns

- [Singleton Pattern and hidden things](design-pattern/singleton-pattern.md)
- [Builder Pattern](design-pattern/builder-pattern.md) :clock330: :soon:

### FFMpeg

- [Useful command when working with ffmpeg library](ffmpeg/useful-command.md)

### General

- [Things I know about AutoValue powered by Google](general/auto-value.md) :clock330:
- [How do I simplify mode comparison](general/simplify-mode-comparision.md)

### Git

- [Git useful command for your daily work](git/useful-command.md) :clock330:
- [How to hands-on git rebase interactive](git/git-rebase-interactive.md) :clock330:
- Common Git Workflow
  + [Centralized workflow](git/workflows/centralized-workflow.md) :clock330:
  + [Feature branch workflow](git/workflows/feature-branch-workflow.md) :clock330:
  + [Gitflow workflow](git/workflows/gitflow-workflow.md) :clock330:
  + [Forking workflow](git/workflows/forking-workflow.md) :clock330:

### Sql

- [Personal sql useful query statement and command](sql/useful-command.md) :clock330:

Commit message:

Add android/primitive-sets.md with unfinished content. Update README

README.md, after:

# Today I Learned

> Never stop learning new things

A collection of concise write-ups on small things I learn day to day across a
variety of languages and technologies. These are things that don't really
warrant a full blog post.

_14 TILs and counting..._

---

### Categories

* [Android](README.md#Android)
* [Design Patterns](README.md#Design-Patterns)
* [FFMpeg](README.md#FFMpeg)
* [General](README.md#General)
* [Git](README.md#Git)
* [Sql](README.md#Sql)

---

### Android

- [Nested Recyclerview Performance](android/nested-recyclerview.md) :clock330:
- [Primitive Sets for Android](android/primitive-sets.md) :clock330: :soon:

### Design Patterns

- [Singleton Pattern and hidden things](design-pattern/singleton-pattern.md)
- [Builder Pattern](design-pattern/builder-pattern.md) :clock330: :soon:

### FFMpeg

- [Useful command when working with ffmpeg library](ffmpeg/useful-command.md)

### General

- [Things I know about AutoValue powered by Google](general/auto-value.md) :clock330:
- [How do I simplify mode comparison](general/simplify-mode-comparision.md)

### Git

- [Git useful command for your daily work](git/useful-command.md) :clock330:
- [How to hands-on git rebase interactive](git/git-rebase-interactive.md) :clock330:
- Common Git Workflow
  + [Centralized workflow](git/workflows/centralized-workflow.md) :clock330:
  + [Feature branch workflow](git/workflows/feature-branch-workflow.md) :clock330:
  + [Gitflow workflow](git/workflows/gitflow-workflow.md) :clock330:
  + [Forking workflow](git/workflows/forking-workflow.md) :clock330:

### Sql

- [Personal sql useful query statement and command](sql/useful-command.md) :clock330:
